Before we go too much further,
I want to talk about what we're going to be building over this course.
And really, even before we dive into that,
I just want to hit some general course goals.
I want to revisit with you some things that I believe you should be
able to do once you get to the end of this course.
First of all,
you should be able to create a new TypeScript CDK application using the CDK CLI.
And again,
I would recommend you use the CLI to get started. Once you've used the
CDK for a while, if you want to do it differently,
feel free, but this is the best place to start.
Next, you should be able to deploy your CDK application to an environment.
And again,
an environment is a combination of an AWS account
and a region within that account.
Next,
you should be able to install and manage service‑specific packages. So
the CDK is a collection of packages that you can utilize, and you need
to be able to manage those effectively.
Next, you should be able to create a Lambda‑based API using local assets.
So let me break that down for a minute.
So here,
Lambda‑based, that means you're going to need to work with Lambda,
and using local assets means you're going to actually include the
code locally on your machine with your CDK project and use that to
create a Lambda function in AWS.
Also here, we're saying a Lambda‑based API.
That means we're going to need to integrate that Lambda
function in with API Gateway. And in this case,
we're going to be using an HTTP API as opposed to a REST API.
Next, you should be able to launch a Fargate‑based web server using local assets.
So let's break this one down.
So here, we're going to be using Fargate.
That means we're going to be using ECS,
but we're going to be using the variation of ECS that does not require us to
maintain the underlying cluster that's hosting our containers.
But here we're also saying we're going to be able to
do this using our local assets.
That means we're going to be building a container locally
within our CDK application and then deploying it out to the
Elastic Container Registry.
Next,
you should be able to manage both permissions and network access with the CDK.
That means you need to be able to work with security groups and with IAM roles,
and we're going to be covering both of those here within this course.
Now let's talk a little bit about our use case.
So here, as mentioned,
we're going to be creating a proof of concept for a document
management system. And we just need to call this out.
My purpose with this course is to meet the goals that I just
mentioned, not to build a full‑featured application.
So if we were building this from scratch,
we would go about it just a little bit differently,
and we would start with a full architecture diagram
and then work our way through.
In this case though, we're going to be doing a very simplistic approach,
and I want to cover that approach with you now.
So here, this is our sample architecture. And first of all,
we're going to have a single region.
In this case, I'm going to be launching my CDK application into us‑east‑1.
You can choose to launch yours into whatever region you want.
Now here, I want to call out that this architecture diagram is not going to
cover aspects of high availability or fault tolerance.
So this is not going to get down to the detail of talking
about different availability zones. Now,
first of all, we're going to have an S3 bucket,
and this is going to be the bucket where we store the documents that
we're going to use within our document management system.
In addition,
we're going to have an API, and this API will be used to get a list of
the documents that we have within that S3 bucket.
Now in this case,
we're going to need to tie that to some type of compute that
will do the work for us, and in this case,
that's going to be Lambda.
So Lambda will be able to query that S3 bucket,
get back a list of files, and then API Gateway will
return it to the calling application.
Now, in addition, we're going to create a VPC,
or virtual private cloud, within our environment. And this is
going to house our Fargate‑based service,
which in this case will be a web server.
And if you remember,
I mentioned that we're going to build our container locally and
upload it into the ECR, the container registry.
And then we're going to make our Fargate‑based web server
available through an application load balancer.
Now,
I just want to give you a few general notes on the approach that
I'm going to be taking within this course.
First of all,
we're going to be leveraging npm for managing application dependencies.
I know some people here are die‑hard YARN fans, and really, you can use either.
There is no limit to saying you have to just use npm. Next,
I'm going to be using Mac, but all concepts here
should transfer to Windows or Linux, no matter what you're using.
In addition, I'm going to be using Visual Studio Code as my IDE.
Now, you can certainly use others,
but Visual Studio Code works well with the configuration
that is generated with the CDK CLI.
Next, this application use case, as mentioned,
is not designed to be a production application. It's designed to help you get familiar working with the CDK.